.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!--
Thanks for your contribution!

Please ensure that any applicable requirements below are satisfied before submitting this pull request. This will help ensure a quick and efficient review cycle.
-->

**Description**

_What type of change have you made?_

- BREAKING:
  - _Append BREAKING: to your PR title_
  - _Describe the how to patch your code for the breaking changes._
  - _Create PRs for other projects with patches to breaking changes._
- FIXED:
  - _Append FIXED: to your PR title_
  - _Describe the change you have made_
- CHANGED:
  - _Append CHANGED: to your PR title_
  - _Describe the change you have made_
- ADDED:
  - _Append ADDED: to your PR title_
  - _Describe the change you have made_
- DEPRECATED:
  - _Append DEPRECATED: to your PR title_
  - _Describe the change you have made_
- SECURITY:
  - _Append SECURITY: to your PR title_
  - _Describe the change you have made_

**Checklist**

- [ ] There is a related GitHub issue
- [ ] Tests are included if applicable
- [ ] Any added code is fully documented

**Issue**

Resolves #???

Commit message:

added REMOVE category, updated instructions, added PR title section

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!--
Thanks for your contribution!

Please ensure that any applicable requirements below are satisfied before submitting this pull request. This will help ensure a quick and efficient review cycle.
-->

**PR Title**
- A brief description of changes. If the PR has breaking changes add `BREAKING:` 
to the start of the PR title.

**Description**

_Itemize the changes you have made into the categories below_

- BREAKING:
  - _Describe the how to patch your code for the breaking changes._
  - _Create PRs for other projects with patches to breaking changes._

- FIXED:
  - _Describe the fix/bug addressed_

- CHANGED:
  - _Describe the change you have made to existing functionality_

- REMOVED:
  - _Describe functionaltiy removed and why_

- ADDED:
  - _Describe functionaltiy added and why_

- DEPRECATED:
  - _Describe what was depreicated and why_

- SECURITY:
  - _These should not be in a standard PR and addressed using the Security Advisory process_

**Checklist**

- [ ] Tests are included if applicable
- [ ] Any added code is fully documented

**Issue**

Resolves #???
